# AI Code Generator Demo

This is a quick demo of a AI code generator to show the capabilities of the AI.
Please note that this isn't a production ready app, it isn't secure and fully functional.
It is not meant to be a demo of a fullstack app, but rather a demo of the capabilities of the AI.

The app is deployed but for security reasons it is not accessible to the public, it might become accessible in future when i have proper error handling, logging, rate limiting and security.
Please contact me if you want to test the deployed version.

## How to use

Requirements:

- Node.js
- npm
- OpenAI API key

> **_NOTE:_** Make sure there you have a limit on the OpenAI API key, there is cases where the app could be stuck in a loop and consume a lot of tokens.

1. Clone the repo
2. Create a `.env` file with the OpenAI API key with the name `OPENAI_API_KEY=<your_api_key>`
3. Run `npm install`
4. Run `npm run dev`
5. Go to `http://localhost:3000`
6. Enter the idea of your app
7. Wait a few seconds for the app to generate
8. You have a app generated by AI!

## How it works

AI Code Generator uses OpenAI API to generate a html and javascript code for the app. The code is then executed in a sandboxed iframe.
The apps generated by the AI can call the OpenAI API to make the apps use AI features.

## Limitations

- The AI Apps cant call any external API's or make any requests to the internet other than the OpenAI API.
- The AI Apps will only be small apps and can't have multiple script files.
- The AI Apps can only use vanilla javascript, html and tailwindcss.

## Further Improvements

- Add rate limiting to the APIs
- Add logging and a proper error handling
- Add user authentication
- Make the apps savable and shareable
- Add a credit system and integrate with stripe

Made by [Lukas Johansson](https://lukasjohansson.se/)
